Cross-Site Scripting (XSS)
One of the most important features
of awell-defended web application is
data sanitization,
a process in which
user input is processed,
removing or transforming all
dangerous characters or strings.
Unsanitized data allows
an attacker to inject
and potentially execute malicious code.
When this unsanitized input
is displayed on a web page,
this creates a
Cross-Site Scripting vulnerability.
Once thought to be a
relatively low-risk vulnerability,
XSS today is both high-risk and prevalent,
allowing attackers to
inject client side scripts
into web pages viewed by other users.
Regardless of how the XSS
payload is delivered and executed,
the injected scripts run
under the context of the user
viewing the affected page.
That is to say, the user’s browser,
not the web application,
executes the XSS payload.